        Don’t look. Listen. Listen closely. Listen for the splash of a pensive painted turtle. Listen for the fret-buzz-shriek of the cicadas that swells with their desire. Once their sound becomes pantheistic, merely a constant, unobtrusive presence, we, who are always hungry and looking for a little snack, could never find them. Sometimes I wonder if they play a game every evening at the break of dusk: who begins the cacophony? Who will be the first to let the others know it is okay to give in to the want, the need to not be quiet and alone? Who will risk it all? They are not very brave, these little ones. A desperate soul will break the silence; another will answer; then, nothing. A few minutes later it happens again. Eventually, they are all singing, but what listener could forget their haphazard, awkward beginning! So listen. Sometimes bridges look like barricades, but they are really only bridges. They carry you over the river, over your own reflection, and down a path with autumn maples—except, the air is night, so the gold has fallen off and left the most comforting kind of darkness to cloak each branch. Down, you will walk, under the infrastructure (because the under-infrastructure places are always nice places to be), and there you will find a flame. What kind of flame is it? It is the flame born on candles and lighters, the one that is soft and destined to go out, but will be beautiful while it burns. Except that this one is encased in crystal and covered in cobwebs. There are spiders too, some small and some plump, and I promise they would be cute if you could only see them in the daylight. Are you listening? Did you hear the words written above the light? Who wrote them there, inscribed on cement? I’m not sure. I only hope someone heard them.

        “First, I see the graffiti. Graffiti is a symbol of the human desire for expression. The seemingly meaningless words of graffiti are the language of a culture that runs against the norm, against capital, even. There is very little willing consumption of graffiti, and there is no industry. It is a completely unproductive art form. Second, I see the cobwebs around the light. The way that the spider adapts to the unnatural inventions of people is nature laughing at them. Indeed, there is nothing natural about a light, nor a hospital, but everything is natural about death. The spiders kill ignorant bugs and grow fat, and then fall from their webs and die, while humans do the same. Through death, nature laughs at us all, and we are all redeemed by its brightness.”
